Remove requirement to SIP (#880)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/features/virtual-usb.md

  11:13:12.347 INFO com.saucelabs.vusb.client.server.usbmuxd.SocketMover - This will require administrator privileges!
  ```

>   This prepares the usbmuxd socket (`/var/usbmuxd`) so that developer tools like Xcode can interact with the remote device just like they interact with a local device. You will need to have administrator permissions to replace `/var/usbmuxd` on your computer. After you did so please restart XCode to be able to interact with the devicec.

Reviewer: @aluedeke 
We might need to be more clear on this, does the customer need to do this, or will the jar do this

Author: Something like: After the connection was established by the vUSB client, please restart all processes which are supposed to interact with the connected device (e.g. XCode)

Reviewer: That's better, will you then also remove this / rephrase this

> You will need to have administrator permissions to replace `/var/usbmuxd` on your computer.

  11:13:12.347 INFO com.saucelabs.vusb.client.server.usbmuxd.SocketMover - This will require administrator privileges!
  ```

>   This prepares the usbmuxd socket (`/var/usbmuxd`) so that developer tools like Xcode can interact with the remote device just like they interact with a local device. You will need to have administrator permissions to replace `/var/usbmuxd` on your computer. After you did so please restart Xcode to be able to interact with the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  This prepares the usbmuxd socket (`/var/usbmuxd`) so that developer tools like Xcode can interact with the remote device just like they interact with a local device. You will need to have administrator permissions to replace `/var/usbmuxd` on your computer. After doing so, you'll need to restart Xcode to be able to interact with the device.
```
